Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
There's another child in her belly.
I knew it. she's having twins.
It's almost dawn.
Don't give birth yet!
Granny! Don't ask for the impossible.
But she has to!
Even if it's impossible. just do it.
Because these children will be the ones
who command the daemons!
The children who sunder day and night
have been born.
16 YEARS LATER
What a beautiful dragon's fart.
Oi! Yuru!
Have ya gone huntin' alone again?
Yo. Danji. I'm back.
Why didn't ya tell me?
My bad.
What if somethin' happens to ya
all alone in the mountains?
You can't call for help. ya know?
It's fine.
The Divine Guardians Right and Left
will protect me.
Wow!
Ya caught a pheasant!
Wasn't that difficult?
It was easy.
Let's have a grilled bird!
- No. a hot pot.
It tastes and smells better
when it's grilled.
Hot pot is more satisfying.
Yer wrong!
Oh. Yuru! Welcome back.
I'm back.
The weather looks like
it's going to get bad.
Will we finally get some rain?
I'll come help later.
Yeah! Thanks!
Granny Yamaha. I'm back.
Welcome back. Yuru.
Danji. perfect timing.
Oh no. it's Ma!
Come 'ere and help me!
Bye!
Hey!
Learn to be a hard worker like Yuru!
Is Asa well?
She's doing her duty properly as always.
Asa.
How are you?
Welcome back.
Brother.
I caught a pheasant today.
You're amazing. Brother!
Not really.
I wanted to catch a boar or a deer.
There hasn't been much rain this year.
so I'm worried about the harvest.
There might be less food this winter.
I have to hunt more
and make dried or salted meat.
Will the adults of the village leave for
the outside world to find work?
Maybe.
Will you go. too?
I won't!
Why do you think I trained myself to hunt?
If I become indispensable
to the village for hunting.
I won't need to leave.
You won't leave like
Mother and Father did?
Don't worry. Asa.
I'll never leave this village.
As long as you're here.
I'll always be with you.
I'll protect you.
Yeah!
Yuru!
Yes?
Dera is here.
It's good steel.
Here. from the folks who
went to the outside world.
Thanks for always.
How is it out there?
The economy's pretty bad.
There's a pandemic as well.
Which is why. today.
I want to trade with some herbs.
I'll trade this for salt.
Do you have some vegetable seeds
that can grow in drought?
Here you go.
My daughter will soon be seven.
I see.
Then. I'll bring a witch doctor next time.
I got some bad headaches lately.
The usual painkillers. right?
Stomach medicine. please.
Sure!
- Dera.
Oh. Yuru! How are you?
Anything you want?
Not really…
"I don't want anything.
Any souvenirs for Asa?"
Right?
Thanks.
What?! Pheasant feathers? That's great!
I can sell it for a good price.
How lucky.
I wanna leave this village too.
Is the world out there really great?
The folks who left rarely return.
The outside world must be
a pretty good place.
Really?
I wouldn't mind living here my whole life.
Yeah. right.
Ya have a cute younger sister.
Why don't ya leave with yer sister?
If yer worried. I'll come with ya.
Being with you will sully Asa.
What did ya say?!
She has an important duty!
Come to think of it.
I've never met Asa at all.
She can only meet with certain people.
Don't say that. Big Bro.
I won't let a peasant like you meet her.
What?!
Then. fight me first!
No. no. no. I don't want to!
What's this sound?
Isn't it a dragon cry?
Look.
Again. beautiful dragon's fart.
But it's not roaring.
It's different from the usual.
I've heard it many times
when I was hunting in the mountains.
Isn't it getting loud?
Maybe it's close.
Have you ever seen a dragon?
Nope.
Look.
Calm down!
Wha…
Gran! Granny Yamaha!
What is happening?
This is bad. The barrier has been broken.
Just how?!
I don't know.
but their target is probably Yuru.
Anyway. hide him now. Bring him to me!
Yeah!
Where is Yuru?
Probably in the field! Hurry up!
What is happening?
What the heck is happening here?
Everyone was killed.
Stay with me. Danji!
Please live. Ma!
We found him.
Stop!
Something weird just flew here!
I don't know what that is.
but it's pretty destructive.
The dragons are flying around
the outer walls!
I don't think we can win against those.
In the first place.
are those even dragons?
I think Ma is workin'
at the keep like usual.
Yer goin' there too for Asa. right?
Help me. Danji.
What now?
Just help me!
What is this?
Shortcut to the keep.
A shortcut? To the keep?
I never knew about this!
I told you…
The Divine Guardians Right and Left
will protect us.
Asa… Please be safe.
Oi. Yuru!
Hello there.
Gobble.
Gobble. Gobble.
Ma…
I won't bite children.
Gobble.
Hello. it's Gabby.
I've taken over
the outer and middle areas.
Ground squad. you can come here.
Hello. ground squad?
Hooo. boy.
What to do now?
The barrier's been broken.
Hello? Hana. hun? It's me.
Since I can contact you. this means bad.
Can you see the smoke from there?
I see.
Can we change our meeting point?
I think…
Asa has come.
So that's how it is.
What a sick joke.
Asa!
Yes.
Asa is here. Brother.
I've come to pick you.
And…
I will kill everyone besides you.
What…
What are you talking about?
No way…
Someone like you…
Could be my sister!
Get out of my way!
So they're pretending to
be mountain rescuers.
It'll be a problem if they keep going
along the escape route from above.
Oh dear.
Would you look at that?
What a great set of teeth you have.
Oh!
Are you a Seer. mister?
That's some strong enamel.
Were you the one who eliminated
the ground squad?
Sorry. I only meant to break the arrow.
I'm still not used to this.
Dera! Take Yuru and run!
Hide in the outside world!
Don't let them find him!
Aye. aye!
Ma. are you okay?
Yuru?
Yuru!
Yuru. we'll descend the mountain.
What is going on here?
What is happening. really?
Just follow me for now!
Damn it! Missed our chance.
If the girl with teeth comes.
we'll be trapped.
Asa…
Asa is dead.
Wait. Is she? But she moved.
We left Granny behind.
Who was that woman?
She killed everyone.
Even though no one did anything wrong…
No time to explain.
You gotta use the Right and Left.
Huh? The Divine Guardians?
What do you mean by that?
There.
There's a hole between them.
Put it into the hole.
I don't understand!
It's a present from me!
Pre… what?
Just do it!
You do it. Yuru!
Seriously! What's this all about exactly?!
And no one explains anything!
The hole is filled with trash!
- Dig it!
It's the boy.
Capture him! You can kill the others!
You should've cleaned that up properly!
It's in. Dera!
What was that for. Dera?!
What are those?
No!
My ride home is gone.
I hate walking down the mountain.
Calm down. you two.
Something's appeared.
I wonder whose daemons?
I hope they're weakling.
Good grief.
Our new master is a kid.
He looks easy to get along with. Left.
Be it a child or an adult.
we have to obey our master. Right.
Ghosts. demons. monsters.
UMAs. spirits. pairs…
Well. humans call them with
a lot of different names.
Yuru. they are your daemons.
Daemons?
All the pain I've experienced
Has traveled through my veins
And passed through my heart
By the time I've forgotten. it arrives
In my brain
I guess it's not that bad
But there's this tiny little draft
Of resentment and sadness
Just let me have this
I'm spineless
All my words and tears
And these feathers grown from my feelings
I'll put all of them on my back
Well. see you later
I'll leave it all behind here
I'm not scared
Up in the sky
See these feathers flutter in the wind
And follow along
NEXT EPISODE PREVIEW
Above here leads to the village exit.
Listen. Yuru.
The Divine Guardians Right and Left
will always protect both of you.
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-